chore: Add documentation for graindoc (#280)
grain-lang/grain-lang.org: src/tooling/graindoc.md

In Grain, we have provided this as another command via the CLI, and it inherits the full power of the compiler. For example, you won't need to specify any types in your code comments, as the compiler will infer them. 🎉

Here's a quick example of adding a docblock to your grain code:

```gr
/**
 * An alias for normal syntactic array access, i.e. `array[n]`.
 *
 * Retrieves the element from the array at the specified index.
 * A negative index is treated as an offset from the end of the array.
 *
 * @param index: The index to access
 * @param array: The array to access
 * @returns The element from the array
 *
 * @since v0.1.0
 * @history v0.2.0: Argument order changed to data-last
 */
export let get = (index, array) => {
  array[index]
}
```

## Usage

Before running `grain doc`, you'll want to add docblock comments to your code. Docblock comments are started with `/**` and ended with `*/`. They must exist on the line above a type declaration or exported value. No documentation will be generated for non-exported values to keep module internals private.

> You can run `grain doc <file|dir> -o <file|dir>` to generate markdown documentation for your code. As of Grain v0.5, the `grain doc` command supports directory input to recursively generate documentation for all `.gr` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run `grain doc <file|dir> -o <file|dir>` to generate markdown documentation for your code. As of Grain v0.5, the `grain doc` command allows specifying a directory to recursively generate documentation for all `.gr` files.
```
